I started the fundamentals of dribbling
first of all how we got ahold of all
when ahold of all of our fingertips and
the backside of our knuckles the ball
should never touch your palm ever at the
end of the day we're going to check our
hands and make sure that our palms are
clean only 30 points to be the back side
of your knuckles and your fingertips if
the ball is going to look in your hand
so is our looks when you shoot a lot of
open space okay when you shoot for
release on your hand and your wrists
crash same thing when you double the
most is going to be a shot the only
towards the ground okay your wrist is
going to crack and you'll catch the ball
again with the wrist up still look like
this real slow
okay now when you trouble you want to
hold the feet a little bit wider than
your waist venture legs and sometimes
when we starting out use the opposite
hand as sort of a guide hand to hold the
ball not even untouchable off your hand
so it just has a guy on look like this
okay now we're going to switch and now
the other hand contact is our guide and
okay see the motion of the hand go flip
the risk controls the ball not your arm
and not you think this was really
nervous
now we know how to dribble we want to
show you the town dribble hounds it was
a nice exercise to get the ball going to
the ground really hard as hard as you
possibly can and now all the do you all
do we all do as hard as we possibly can
so making game in touch with both hands
again event any forward right now we're
going to show no joke all right okay
behind the pounds of all the loads of
105 pounds high then five pounds low
successfully right hand back I walk in
with the basketball
as one of the triple this drills you
could ever do if you could do it
everywhere walk to the movies walk to
the grocery store off to school always
have a basketball in your hand alright
feel comfortable people all look to you
a little we're like why have you got a
basket without even free basketball it's
okay love the basketball make it your
home
ready
I learned how to walk with the ball now
we're going to roll the ball so take
less dribbles keep your head up keep
your body forwards
try to move fast possible just looking
ready so we learn how to stand with the
ball we're going to walk with the ball
learn how to round the ball now we're
going to how to swap the ball flying
with the basketball is a good position
to protect the ball from the defender
he's really quick we're going to try to
do is take the ball ourselves and
imagine a defender in front of you okay
we're going to angle our body sideways
instead of running we're going to simply
slide our feet stay on the ball of your
foot make sure the heels are not
touching the ground and we want to take
our opposite hand and protect the ball
always look up straight forward okay and
now that we have different speeds
running sliding walking basketball is
not always a game of going top speed
okay especially for the funders
anticipating that we're going to go top
speed sometimes we can do what's called
shifting gears some people call a stop
and go it's the ability to stop on the
dime let's defend the pass shoe and then
keep on dribbling